hello there guys you are here because
you want to know how to make something
on minecraft
well I am here to show you that is the
chest
you
[Music]
this tutorial is going to show you how
to make an infinite cobblestone
generator you will need the following
ingredients to get this to work you will
need ice lava one sign and a pickaxe
start digging a hole one block deep and
four blocks wide for this part hold
shift so that you won't fall off the
edge and right-click on the block that
you want to target
now you will need to create two holes in
the middle so that you can put the sign
there
it should look like this you will need
full blocks of wood for the pickaxe in
the sign and the crafting table
head into your inventory by clicking the
e button and put one wooden block in the
crafting area to create four wooden
planks and there is your crafting table
place your crafting table down and
you're now ready to make sticks to
create the sticks you need to get one
wooden block and convert it into four
wooden planks put two in this row and
you should make sticks this is how you
make a sign
and this is the pickaxe
place the sign on the back wall at the
bottom this should stop the water going
into the lava which would create
obsidian
now you should have a cobblestone
generator make sure the cobblestone
doesn't go into the lava that'd be a
waste
if this video is helpful please share
subscribe rate or comment I'll see you
guys next time
barbra streisand
Barbra Streisand
you